Add info about possible target types (#351)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/reference/targets.md

## Possible targets

> The mirrord OSS supports the following Kubernetes objects as targets:
> - Container
> - Pods (the first container in the pod will be targeted; some containers, like service mesh proxies, will be automatically ignored)
> - Deployments (mirrord will target a random pod from the deployment)
> - Argo Rollouts
> 
> mirrord for Teams adds support for the following objects:
> - Jobs
> - CronJobs
> - StatefulSets
> - Deployments (mirrord will target all pods from the deployment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mirrord OSS supports the following Kubernetes objects as targets:
- Pods
- Deployments
- Argo Rollouts

In mirrord OSS, mirrord will always target a random pod when a workload is used as the remote target.

mirrord for Teams adds support for the following workloads:
- Jobs
- CronJobs
- StatefulSets

In mirrord for Teams, mirrord will always target all pods when a workload is used as the remote target.

Both in mirrord OSS and mirrord for Teams, if you don't name any specific container to be targeted, mirrord will pick the first container from the pod spec. Some containers, like service mesh proxies, will be automatically ignored.
```

wdyt?
